Refined explanations and improved grammar in .NET docs. (#43842)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/introduction.md

* **Adaptability across programming domains** (cloud, client, gaming) is enabled with specialized implementations of the general-purpose programming model.
* **Industry standards** like OpenTelemetry and gRPC are favored over bespoke solutions.

> .NET is maintained collaboratively by Microsoft and a global community. Regular updates ensure secure and reliable applications are delivered efficiently to production environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.NET is maintained collaboratively by Microsoft and a global community. Regular updates ensure users deploy secure and reliable applications to production environments.
```

Reviewer: Style guidance says to avoid passive voice.

Support for doing multiple things at the same time is fundamental to practically all workloads. That could be client applications doing background processing while keeping the UI responsive, services handling many thousands of simultaneous requests, devices responding to a multitude of simultaneous stimuli, or high-powered machines parallelizing the processing of compute-intensive operations. Asynchronous programming support is a first-class feature of the C# programming language, which provides the `async` and `await` keywords that make it easy to write and compose asynchronous operations while still enjoying the full benefits of all the control flow constructs the language has to offer.

> The [type system](../standard/base-types/common-type-system.md) offers significant breadth, catering somewhat equally to safety, descriptiveness, dynamism, and native interop. First and foremost, the type system enables an object-oriented programming model. It includes types, (single base class) inheritance, interfaces (including default method implementations), and virtual method dispatch to provide a sensible behavior for all the type layering that object orientation allows. [Generic types](../standard/generics.md) are a pervasive feature that lets you specialize classes to one or more types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [type system](../standard/base-types/common-type-system.md) offers significant breadth, catering somewhat equally to safety, descriptiveness, dynamism, and native interop. First and foremost, the type system enables an object-oriented programming model. It includes types, (single base class) inheritance, interfaces (including default method implementations), and virtual method dispatch to provide a sensible behavior for all the type layering that object orientation allows. [Generic types](../standard/generics.md) are ubiquitous and let you specialize classes to one or more types.
```

Reviewer: Let's avoid the single/plural problem altogether. Also, 'pervasive' has negative connotations.

> The .NET runtime provides automatic memory management via a garbage collector. For any language, its memory management model is likely its most defining characteristic. This is true for .NET languages. .NET has a self-tuning, tracing GC. It aims to deliver "hands-off" operations in the general case while offering configuration options for more extreme workloads. The current GC is the result of many years of investment and learning from a multitude of workloads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The .NET runtime provides automatic memory management via a garbage collector. For any language, its memory management model is likely its most defining characteristic. This is true for .NET languages. .NET has a self-tuning, tracing GC. It aims to deliver "hands-off" use in the general case while offering configuration options for more extreme workloads. The current GC is the result of many years of investment and learnings from a multitude of workloads.
```

Reviewer: Learnings is more correct in this case IMO.
